Cache final file from resume retry process (#13441)
pypa/pip: news/13441.bugfix.rst

> Add the full file from a resume retry download to the cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Resumed downloads are saved to the HTTP cache like any other normal download.
```

or "as appropriate".

We don't need to get into the implementation, all the user cares about is that resumed downloads are cached in the same way pip used to cache downloads.

Author: Applied
